.\" ====================================================================================================================
.\"
.\"  M   M  OO  RRR    A   V   V III   A      M   M III  OOO  RRR   OO   SSSS Y   Y  SSSS TTTTT EEEEE M   M  SSSS
.\"  MM MM O  O R  R  A A  V   V  I   A A     MM MM  I  O     R  R O  O S      Y Y  S       T   E     MM MM S
.\"  M M M O  O RRR  A   A V   V  I  A   A    M M M  I  O     RRR  O  O  SS     Y    SS     T   EEEEE M M M  SS
.\"  M   M O  O RR   AAAAA  V V   I  AAAAA    M   M  I  O     RR   O  O    SS   Y      SS   T   E     M   M    SS
.\"  M   M O  O R R  A   A  V V   I  A   A    M   M  I  O     R R  O  O      S  Y        S  T   E     M   M      S
.\"  M   M  OO  R  R A   A   V   III A   A    M   M III  OOO  R  R  OO   SSSS   Y    SSSS   T   EEEEE M   M  SSSS
.\"
.\" (C) copyright 2015 Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.\"     trida Kpt. Jarose 1946/35, 602 00 Brno, CZ, European Union
.\"     http://www.moravia-microsystems.com
.\"
.\" ====================================================================================================================

.TH "mds-proc-sim" "1" "January 2015" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mds\-proc\-sim \- Processor simulator used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.SH USAGE
.B mds\-proc\-sim
.I <OPTIONS>

.SH DESCRIPTION
The main purpose of this tool is to provide means to use the MDS's processor simulator in user written scripts in which
the user needs to simulate a processor. For instance you can write a script in Tcl, Python, Bash, etc. and use the
mds\-proc\-sim to test your programs written for PicoBlaze. You can do things like: feed your program with some input
and read its output, connect several processors together and make them exchange data, you can even view contents of
registers, and all other memories, watch subroutine calls and interrupts, set breakpoints, and many other tasks.

For more information please consult the MDS handbook.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\-file\fR, \fB\-g\fI <full\-file\-name>\fR
\fB(MANDATORY)\fR Specify MDS native debug file.
.TP
\fB\-\-device\fR, \fB\-d\fI <device>\fR
\fB(MANDATORY)\fR Specify exact device for simulation.
.IP 1.
For PicoBlaze: \fBkcpsm1\fR, \fBkcpsm1cpld\fR, \fBkcpsm2\fR, \fBkcpsm3\fR, and \fBkcpsm6\fR
.TP
\fB\-\-code\-file\fR, \fB\-c\fI <full\-file\-name>\fR
\fB(MANDATORY)\fR Specify file with machine code for simulation.
.TP
\fB\-\-code\-file\-type\fR, \fB\-t\fI <file\-type>\fR
\fB(MANDATORY)\fR Specify type of the machine code file, supported are:
.IP 1.
\fBrawhex\fR : Raw HEX dump,
.IP 2.
\fBhex\fR : Intel 8 HEX, or Intel 16 HEX,
.IP 3.
\fBsrec\fR : Motorola S-Record,
.IP 4.
\fBbin\fR : raw binary file,
.IP 5.
\fBmem\fR : Xilinx MEM file (for PicoBlaze only),
.IP 6.
\fBvhd\fR : VHDL file (for PicoBlaze only),
.IP 7.
\fBv\fR : Verilog file (for PicoBlaze only).
.TP
\fB\-\-proc\-def\-file\fI <processor-definition-file>\fR
Specify architecture for user defined processor, this option makes sense only if \-\-device=Adaptable
.TP
\fB\-\-silent\fR, \fB\-s\fR
Be less verbose
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-h\fR
Print help message.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR, \fB\-V\fR
Print disassembler version and exit.

.SH NOTES
.IP 1.
Type \fBhelp\fR for list of available commands.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.TP
.BR mds-compiler (1)
Compiler for processors, microcontrolles, etc. used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.
.TP
.BR mds-disasm (1)
Disassembler used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.
.TP
.BR mds-translator (1)
Assembly language variant translator used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.

.SH AUTHOR
(C) Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.br
trida Kpt. Jarose 1946/35, CZ-602 00
.br
Brno, Czech Republic, European Union
.br
http://www.moravia-microsystems.com
