.\" ====================================================================================================================
.\"
.\"  M   M  OO  RRR    A   V   V III   A      M   M III  OOO  RRR   OO   SSSS Y   Y  SSSS TTTTT EEEEE M   M  SSSS
.\"  MM MM O  O R  R  A A  V   V  I   A A     MM MM  I  O     R  R O  O S      Y Y  S       T   E     MM MM S
.\"  M M M O  O RRR  A   A V   V  I  A   A    M M M  I  O     RRR  O  O  SS     Y    SS     T   EEEEE M M M  SS
.\"  M   M O  O RR   AAAAA  V V   I  AAAAA    M   M  I  O     RR   O  O    SS   Y      SS   T   E     M   M    SS
.\"  M   M O  O R R  A   A  V V   I  A   A    M   M  I  O     R R  O  O      S  Y        S  T   E     M   M      S
.\"  M   M  OO  R  R A   A   V   III A   A    M   M III  OOO  R  R  OO   SSSS   Y    SSSS   T   EEEEE M   M  SSSS
.\"
.\" (C) copyright 2014 Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.\"     trida Kpt. Jarose 1946/35, 602 00 Brno, CZ, European Union
.\"     http://www.moravia-microsystems.com
.\"
.\" ====================================================================================================================

.TH "mds-translator" "1" "July 2014" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mds-translator \- Assembly language variant translator used by the Multitarget Development System by
Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.SH USAGE
.B mds-translator
.I <OPTIONS>
[ -- ]
.I <input\-file>

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fB mds-translator\fR is tool for translating assembly language source code from one dialect to another; in this case it
translates into assembly language used by MDS (Multitarget Development System) from dialect used by other
companies or projects.

For more information please consult the MDS handbook.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-type\fR, \fB\-t\fI <asm\-variant>\fR
\fB(MANDATORY)\fR Specify variant of assembly language used in the input file, possible options are:
.IP 1.
\fB1\fR : Xilinx KCPSMx.
.IP 2.
\fB2\fR : Mediatronix KCPSMx.
.IP 3.
\fB3\fR : openPICIDE KCPSMx.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR, \fB\-o\fI <file.asm>\fR
\fB(MANDATORY)\fR Specify output file.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-ind\fI <indentation>\fR
Indent with:
.IP 1.
\fBkeep\fR : do not alter original indentation,
.IP 2.
\fBspaces\fR : indent with spaces (default),
.IP 3.
\fBtabs\fR : indent with tabs.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-tabsz\fI <n>\fR
Consider tab to be displayed at most n spaces wide, here it is by default 8.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-eof\fI <end\-of\-line\-character>\fR
Specify line separator, available options are:
.IP 1.
\fBcrlf\fR : \fI[WINDOWS]\fR use sequence of carriage return and line feed characters
.IP 2.
\fBlf\fR : \fI[UNIX]\fR use a single line feed character (0x0a = '\n') (default),
.IP 3.
\fBcr\fR : \fI[APPLE]\fR use single carriage return (0x0d = '\r').
.TP
\fB\-\-short\-inst \fR<\fBtrue\fR|\fBfalse\fR>
Use instruction shortcuts, e.g. `in' instead of `input', etc. (default: false).
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-lc\-sym\fI <character>\fR
Use uppercase, or lowercase characters for symbols:
.IP 1.
\fBl\fR : lowercase (default),
.IP 2.
\fBu\fR : uppercase.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-lc\-dir\fI <character>\fR
Use uppercase, or lowercase characters for directives:
.IP 1.
\fBl\fR : lowercase (default),
.IP 2.
\fBu\fR : uppercase.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-lc\-inst\fI <character>\fR
Use uppercase, or lowercase characters for instructions:
.IP 1.
\fBl\fR : lowercase (default),
.IP 2.
\fBu\fR : uppercase.
.TP
\fB\-\-backup\fR, \fB\-b\fR
Enable generation of backup files.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR, \fB\-V\fR
Print version and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-h\fR
Print help message.

.SH NOTES
.IP 1.
`--' marks the end of options, it becomes useful when you want to translate file which name could be mistaken for a
command line option.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
\fbmds\-translator \-\-type=1 \-\-input=my_file.psm \-\-output=final_file.asm\fR

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.TP
.BR mds-compiler (1)
Compiler for processors, microcontrolles, etc. used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.
.TP
.BR mds-disasm (1)
Disassembler for embedded applications used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.

.SH AUTHOR
(C) Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.br
trida Kpt. Jarose 1946/35, CZ-602 00
.br
Brno, Czech Republic, European Union
.br
http://www.moravia-microsystems.com
