.\" ====================================================================================================================
.\"
.\"  M   M  OO  RRR    A   V   V III   A      M   M III  OOO  RRR   OO   SSSS Y   Y  SSSS TTTTT EEEEE M   M  SSSS
.\"  MM MM O  O R  R  A A  V   V  I   A A     MM MM  I  O     R  R O  O S      Y Y  S       T   E     MM MM S
.\"  M M M O  O RRR  A   A V   V  I  A   A    M M M  I  O     RRR  O  O  SS     Y    SS     T   EEEEE M M M  SS
.\"  M   M O  O RR   AAAAA  V V   I  AAAAA    M   M  I  O     RR   O  O    SS   Y      SS   T   E     M   M    SS
.\"  M   M O  O R R  A   A  V V   I  A   A    M   M  I  O     R R  O  O      S  Y        S  T   E     M   M      S
.\"  M   M  OO  R  R A   A   V   III A   A    M   M III  OOO  R  R  OO   SSSS   Y    SSSS   T   EEEEE M   M  SSSS
.\"
.\" (C) copyright 2014 Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.\"     trida Kpt. Jarose 1946/35, 602 00 Brno, CZ, European Union
.\"     http://www.moravia-microsystems.com
.\"
.\" ====================================================================================================================

.TH "mds-disasm" "1" "July 2014" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
mds\-disasm \- Disassembler used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.SH USAGE
.B mds\-disasm
.I <OPTIONS>
[ -- ]
.I <input\-file>

.SH DESCRIPTION
Disassembler is a tool intended to generate assembly language code from an object file. In other words it has certain
level of capability of reversing the assembly process and regaining the original source code from any object code.

For more information please consult the MDS handbook.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-arch\fR, \fB\-a\fI <architecture>\fR
Specify processor architecture, supported architectures are:
.IP 1.
\fBPicoBlaze\fR : (K)constant Coded Programmable State Machine.
.TP
\fB\-\-family\fR, \fB\-f\fI <family>\fR
Specify processor family, supported families for the given architectures are:
.IP 1.
For PicoBlaze: \fBkcpsm1\fR, \fBkcpsm1cpld\fR, \fBkcpsm2\fR, \fBkcpsm3\fR, and \fBkcpsm6\fR
.TP
\fB\-\-out\fR, \fB\-o\fI <output\-file>\fR
Specify output file where the resulting assembly language code will be stored.
.TP
\fB\-\-type\fR, \fB\-t\fI <input\-file\-format>\fR
Type of the input file; if none provided, disassembler will try to guess the format from input file extension, supported
types are:
.IP 1.
\fBhex\fR : Intel 8 HEX, or Intel 16 HEX,
.IP 2.
\fBsrec\fR : Motorola S-Record,
.IP 3.
\fBbin\fR : raw binary file,
.IP 4.
\fBmem\fR : Xilinx MEM file (for PicoBlaze only),
.IP 5.
\fBvhd\fR : VHDL file (for PicoBlaze only),
.IP 6.
\fBv\fR : Verilog file (for PicoBlaze only).
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-ind\fI <indentation>\fR
Indent with:
.IP 1.
\fBspaces\fR : indent with spaces (default),
.IP 2.
\fBtabs\fR : indent with tabs.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-tabsz\fI <n>\fR
Consider tab to be displayed at most n spaces wide, here it is by default 8.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-eof\fI <end\-of\-line\-character>\fR
Specify line separator, available options are:
.IP 1.
\fBcrlf\fR : \fI[WINDOWS]\fR use sequence of carriage return and line feed characters
.IP 2.
\fBlf\fR : \fI[UNIX]\fR use a single line feed character (0x0a = '\n') (default),
.IP 3.
\fBcr\fR : \fI[APPLE]\fR use single carriage return (0x0d = '\r').
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-sym\fI <symbols>\fR
Which kind of addresses should be translated to symbolic names, and which should remain to be represented as numbers,
available options are:
.IP 1.
\fBc\fR : program memory,
.IP 2.
\fBd\fR : data memory,
.IP 3.
\fBr\fR : register file,
.IP 4.
\fBp\fR : port address,
.IP 5.
\fBk\fR : immediate constants,
.br
 This options takes any combination of these, i.e. for example "cdr" stands for program memory + data memory + register
file.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-lc\fI <character>\fR
Use uppercase, or lowercase characters:
.IP 1.
\fBl\fR : lowercase (default),
.IP 2.
\fBu\fR : uppercase.
.TP
\fB\-\-cfg\-radix\fI <radix>\fR
Radix, available options are:
.IP 1.
\fBh\fR : hexadecimal (default),
.IP 2.
\fBd\fR : decimal,
.IP 3.
\fBb\fR : binary,
.IP 4.
\fBo\fR : octal.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR, \fB\-h\fR
Print help message.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR, \fB\-V\fR
Print disassembler version and exit.

.SH NOTES
.IP 1.
`--' marks the end of options, it becomes useful when you want to disassemble file which name could be mistaken for a
command line option.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.TP
.BR mds-compiler (1)
Compiler for processors, microcontrolles, etc. used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.
.TP
.BR mds-translator (1)
Assembly language variant translator used by the Multitarget Development System by Moravia Microsystems.

.SH AUTHOR
(C) Moravia Microsystems, s.r.o.
.br
trida Kpt. Jarose 1946/35, CZ-602 00
.br
Brno, Czech Republic, European Union
.br
http://www.moravia-microsystems.com
